Comment on the title of the adventurous expedition by Gordon Cook and Alan East. What message does it give?

The title of the story “We are not afraid to die… if we all are together” was quoted by the narrator’s six-year-old son Jonathan in the most adverse situation the family faced during their three-year voyage. Death was staring at them when these words by the young boy in stilled courage, confidence and brought hope for the elders.
The message that the story conveys is aptly highlighted in the proverb “united we stand, divided we fall.” This is true not just in terms of national interests of a country but also for a family that stands together. In this story the optimism and faith displayed by the two children pushed the elder voyagers to overcome the harsh stormy weather, fatigue and helplessness they felt when their chances of survival were bleak. Willpower and the strength that we derive from our family helps us tide over the most difficult situations and emerge victorious. The unity and strength of this family helped them land safely in the Ile of Amsterdam.
2.0 (Grammarly)
The title of the story “We are not afraid to die… if we all are together” was quoted by the narrator’s six-year-old son Jonathan in the most adverse situation the family faced during their three-year voyage. Death was staring at them when these words by the young boy instilled courage, confidence and brought hope for the elders.
The message that   the story conveys is aptly highlighted in the proverb “United we stand, divided we fall.” This is true not just in terms of the national interests of a country but also for a family that stands together. In this story, the optimism and faith displayed by the two children pushed the elder voyagers to overcome the harsh stormy weather, fatigue and helplessness they felt when their chances of survival were bleak. Willpower and the strength that we derive from our family help us tide over the most challenging situations and emerge victoriously. The unity and power of this family helped them land safely in the Ile of Amsterdam.
Why do you think people undertake such adventurous expeditions in spite of the risks involved?
Man is known to test his strength and potential in extreme conditions. This makes him adventurous by nature such adventurous expeditions in spite of the risks involved is a true test of man’s potential, in terms of skill (both physical and mental), and also fulfill his innate desire for thrill.
In this personal adventure of the narrator the successful completion of the voyage would not only certify his excellent see fairing skills but also test his potential in dire circumstances and bring fame and glory.
Such adventurous expeditions not only bring personal fulfillment but also pave the path for further learning and development because it is only when such risks are undertaken that man is able to learn more from his mistakes and experiences.
2.0
Man is known to test his strength and potential in extreme conditions, This makes him adventurous by nature such adventurous expeditions despite the risks involved in an actual test of man’s potential, in terms of skill (both physical and mental), and also fulfil his innate desire for the thrill.
In this personal adventure of the narrator, the successful completion of the voyage would not only certify his excellent see fairing skills but also test his potential in dire circumstances and bring fame and glory.
Such adventurous expeditions not only bring personal fulfilment but also pave the path for further learning and development because it is only when such risks are undertaken that man is able to learn more from his mistakes and experiences.
