Good morning everyone present over here, today I would like to express my views on the education offered in India.
Well, education is essential for everyone as it gives people the knowledge and skill they require to survive in the modern world. It is crucial for people of all ages, and it has no limits. In India, we have about 260 million students, with more than 1.5 million schools and has the world’s second-largest school system after China. However, being in a country with such a system, we still have a massive problem of unemployment and underemployment. Going back in time, Macaulay introduced English education in India. He called for an educational system that would create a class of English Indians who would serve as cultural intermediaries between the British and the Indians and which meant to manufacture clerks and labourers that can be employed in factories for work and till now the system has not changed much.
India is one of the youngest countries in the world with an average age of 27 years, Though India’s youth literacy rate is 92%, but that is on paper! We have well-filled minds, but not well-formed minds and this well-filled mind never lets us achieve anything. 
Until and unless you do not have the willpower to learn by heart or to achieve something, you cannot be successful in life. Our schools never guarantee that we will be successful in life. It is entirely in our hands. Even many well-known institutes like Harvard in terms of education implies that "If you tell me I may forget, if you show me, I may remember, if you involve me, I will understand and apply", and this is what quality education means. The problem with our education system is that it has unskilled faculties teaching with a conventional theoretical classroom-based approach, rather than this, student should be involved in real-world problems and case study projects which develops their practical skills.
At the end of the day, people like Sundar Pitchai and A.P.J Abdul Kalam received the education from the same place, and it is their will power and the dedication in their fields that has created the difference. 


Education in India







